CreateCharacter(leora -enabled false)
CreateCharacter(speaker -enabled false)
leora.Move(0.125 0 -spd 1000)
speaker.Move(0.95 0 -spd 1000)
wait(0.5)
Show(speaker)
Highlight(speaker -o true)
speaker "Rise, Dame Leora, for I have heard the word of Verita. Truth has smiled upon us once more."
speaker "Three suspects have emerged, three criminals behind the kidnappings. You must retrieve the guilty parties for their punishment, such is Verita's will."
Show(leora)
Highlight(leora -o true)
leora "Speak their names, and they shall be dealt with swiftly."
Highlight(speaker -o true)
addCutscene(17)
speaker "First is Lucan, the Oathbreaker. You recall the tragedy of Grest... a city that might yet stand, had this man not turned his back upon it. With but a single order, he condemned hundreds to death, forsaking both duty and honor."
speaker "Now he lurks in shadow, far from the light of Verita. We suspect him of plucking innocents from the streets of Zaro, forcing them into his misguided cause. His crimes are undeniable. He must be brought to justice."
addCutscene(18)
speaker "Ivar, a noble of Isen's eastern peninsula. He departed from Zaro the very day the Scepter of Truth was stolen from its sacred pedestal. Knights were sent to retrieve him-none have returned."
speaker "The Scepter does more than initiate our ceremonies, it is used to heal the incurable, the sickly and the vulnerable. However, the Scepter of Truth can corrupt the mind if one is not capable of wielding it, and we fear it has already begun to take hold of Ivar. Time is of the essence."
addCutscene(19)
speaker "Last is Viin, butcher of knights. You have heard the name, I am certain."
speaker "Viin's heresy is deeper than bloodshed alone-she seeks to bend life itself, to forge unholy fusions of soul and flesh. It is an affront to Verita's law, a crime against the very order of this world."
addCutscene(20)
speaker "Each suspect must be brought before the Order for their judgement. Their capture is your solemn duty."
speaker "Lucan has shrouded himself deep within the mountains. Ivar lingers near his crumbling estate in the northeast. Viin is cloaked in the Veinwood."
speaker "You may retrieve them in any order, yet your mastery of the Light may serve you best against Lucan. Additionally, Vaang may provide insight-he knows his twin better than any soul alive. Seek him, should you desire greater knowledge of Viin's ways."
speaker "Now go. Bring these sinners into Verita's light."
Hide(speaker)
Hide(leora)
endDialogue(true)